docs: Add docs for Argo Workflow controller-instanceid label (#290) (#292)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: website/docs/user-guides/construct-experiment.md

4. **Artifacts** : Artifacts are defined as the files saved by the containers in each step.

```yaml
-  name: install-chaos-experiments
   inputs:
     artifacts:
       - name: pod-delete
         path: /tmp/pod-delete.yaml
         raw:
           data: >
             apiVersion: litmuschaos.io/v1alpha1

             description:
               message: |...
```

### Ensuring Your Workflow is Recognized by the Argo Workflow Controller

> When applying a Workflow manually without ChaosCenter, it's crucial to include the `workflows.argoproj.io/controller-instanceid` label in your YAML file. This label helps the controller identify and manage your Workflow correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When applying a Workflow manually without ChaosCenter, it's crucial to include the `workflows.argoproj.io/controller-instanceid` label in the manifest. This label helps Argo Workflow controller identify and reconcile the Workflow upon its creation.
```
